github.com//Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT , gpt
github.com//ChatGPTNextWeb/ChatGPT-Next-Web , gpt
github.com//nomic-ai/gpt4all , gpt
github.com//fighting41love/funNLP , gpt
github.com//binary-husky/gpt_academic , gpt
github.com//xtekky/gpt4free , gpt
github.com//microsoft/generative-ai-for-beginners , gpt
github.com//zylon-ai/private-gpt , gpt
github.com//lencx/ChatGPT , gpt
github.com//PlexPt/awesome-chatgpt-prompts-zh , gpt
github.com//gpt-engineer-org/gpt-engineer , gpt
github.com//geekan/MetaGPT , gpt
github.com//langgenius/dify , gpt
github.com//lobehub/lobe-chat , gpt
github.com//karpathy/nanoGPT , gpt
github.com//QuivrHQ/quivr , gpt
github.com//reworkd/AgentGPT , gpt
github.com//chatchat-space/Langchain-Chatchat , gpt
github.com//RVC-Boss/GPT-SoVITS , gpt
github.com//Pythagora-io/gpt-pilot , gpt
github.com//NaiboWang/EasySpider , spider
github.com//gocolly/colly , spider
github.com//facert/awesome-spider , spider
github.com//jhao104/proxy_pool , spider
github.com//Jack-Cherish/python-spider , spider
github.com//binux/pyspider , spider
github.com//wistbean/learn_python3_spider , spider
github.com//shengqiangzhang/examples-of-web-crawlers , spider
github.com//smicallef/spiderfoot , spider
github.com//crawlab-team/crawlab , spider
github.com//s0md3v/Photon , spider
github.com//projectdiscovery/katana , spider
github.com//guyueyingmu/avbook , spider
github.com//ssssssss-team/spider-flow , spider
github.com//dataabc/weiboSpider , spider
github.com//Evil0ctal/Douyin_TikTok_Download_API , spider
github.com//kangvcar/InfoSpider , spider
github.com//andeya/pholcus , spider
github.com//luyishisi/Anti-Anti-Spider , spider
github.com//lining0806/PythonSpiderNotes , spider
github.com//kelseyhightower/nocode , write
github.com//adam-p/markdown-here , write
github.com//locustio/locust , write
github.com//zhaoolee/ChromeAppHeroes , write
github.com//roboflow/supervision , write
github.com//stitionai/devika , write
github.com//hackiftekhar/IQKeyboardManager , write
github.com//rust-embedded/rust-raspberrypi-OS-tutorials , write
github.com//BuilderIO/mitosis , write
github.com//slimphp/Slim , write
github.com//tuhdo/os01 , write
github.com//pytest-dev/pytest , write
github.com//onevcat/VVDocumenter-Xcode , write
github.com//checkstyle/checkstyle , write
github.com//smartystreets/goconvey , write
github.com//aemkei/jsfuck , write
github.com//Nutlope/aicommits , write
github.com//gruntwork-io/terratest , write
github.com//RomuloOliveira/commit-messages-guide , write
github.com//hotwired/turbo , write
github.com//dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps , swiftui
github.com//NativeScript/NativeScript , swiftui
github.com//CodeEditApp/CodeEdit , swiftui
github.com//pointfreeco/swift-composable-architecture , swiftui
github.com//Whisky-App/Whisky , swiftui
github.com//jordanbaird/Ice , swiftui
github.com//gao-sun/eul , swiftui
github.com//sindresorhus/Gifski , swiftui
github.com//MochiDiffusion/MochiDiffusion , swiftui
github.com//SwiftKickMobile/SwiftMessages , swiftui
github.com//Juanpe/About-SwiftUI , swiftui
github.com//SwiftUIX/SwiftUIX , swiftui
github.com//XcodesOrg/XcodesApp , swiftui
github.com//Dimillian/MovieSwiftUI , swiftui
github.com//twostraws/ControlRoom , swiftui
github.com//MrKai77/Loop , swiftui
github.com//nalexn/clean-architecture-swiftui , swiftui
github.com//siteline/swiftui-introspect , swiftui
github.com//AppPear/ChartView , swiftui
github.com//Jinxiansen/SwiftUI , swiftui
github.com//ansible/ansible , agent
github.com//huginn/huginn , agent
github.com//geekan/MetaGPT , agent
github.com//langgenius/dify , agent
github.com//alibaba/arthas , agent
github.com//reworkd/AgentGPT , agent
github.com//chatchat-space/Langchain-Chatchat , agent
github.com//OpenDevin/OpenDevin , agent
github.com//microsoft/autogen , agent
github.com//2noise/ChatTTS , agent
github.com//hiyouga/LLaMA-Factory , agent
github.com//OpenBMB/ChatDev , agent
github.com//langflow-ai/langflow , agent
github.com//stitionai/devika , agent
github.com//Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm , agent
github.com//crewAIInc/crewAI , agent
github.com//Unity-Technologies/ml-agents , agent
github.com//transitive-bullshit/agentic , agent
github.com//joonspk-research/generative_agents , agent
github.com//GaiZhenbiao/ChuanhuChatGPT , agent
github.com//Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT , openai
github.com//xtekky/gpt4free , openai
github.com//openai/openai-cookbook , openai
github.com//microsoft/generative-ai-for-beginners , openai
github.com//lencx/ChatGPT , openai
github.com//gpt-engineer-org/gpt-engineer , openai
github.com//dair-ai/Prompt-Engineering-Guide , openai
github.com//langgenius/dify , openai
github.com//lobehub/lobe-chat , openai
github.com//QuivrHQ/quivr , openai
